Docs for multiple `resources-path` (#3643)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/dapr-services/sidecar.md

   daprd --app-id myapp
   ```

1. Specify the port your application is listening to

   ```bash
   daprd --app-id --app-port 5000
   ```

1. If you are using several custom resources and want to specify the location of the resource definition files, use the `--resources-path` argument:

   ```bash
   daprd --app-id myapp --resources-path <PATH-TO-RESOURCES-FILES>
   ```

> 1. If you've organized your components and other resources (like resiliency policies) into separate folders, you can specify multiple resource paths:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you've organized your components and other resources (for example resiliency policies, subscriptions or configuration) into separate folders or a shared folder, you can specify multiple resource paths:
```
